Jae Young Lee: Okay so we are discussing chapter 14 today. This is the last chapter, we will discuss from the textbook and then after that I think probably will discuss on the chapter 14. Today is Saturday we will briefly discuss so called the key and n p
Jae Young Lee: The chapter 14 is about graph algorithms. So we begin with
Jae Young Lee: I mean all of this definitions and some basic concepts of crafts.
Jae Young Lee: I think we briefly mentioned definition of a graph, when we were discussing binary tree because tree is a binary tree is a graph graph is a
Jae Young Lee: Set of practices, instead of edges.
Jae Young Lee: So this is a graph. This is also grab it is set of vertices for a PC D. They said all ages all ages.
Jae Young Lee: Sometimes
Jae Young Lee: We label, he will give a name to an edge and then we can use that name to denote a niche, but usually we use it is notation. So this isn't it connecting a note you with note. So for your positive energy, we can write this just a copy
Jae Young Lee: And then, and he can be directed or undertaken in this graph. As you can see, all edges not directions, but in this graph each
Jae Young Lee: Direction. So this is an underrated graph. This is a tricky.
Jae Young Lee: To technologists adjacent an instance
Jae Young Lee: Which isn't is between two nodes. So to New York and Memphis do which is to ensure that poster and dollars which is
Jae Young Lee: To those Jason's if they are connected by an
Jae Young Lee: Eastern is a relationship between an edge, na, na so we say this, he is instance to New York or this node anxieties. He is instance to disperse the system.
Jae Young Lee: In a certain graph and he is associated with a certain information. So in general, it could be any information, but in the simplest case, it is just a number, usually a real number.
Jae Young Lee: Four, which I'll put
Jae Young Lee: All the ages here have these numbers, but actually you saw this way to grab
Jae Young Lee: That is great if you are using for your class project.
Jae Young Lee: If he has a certain information associated with it in the graph, then such grief is coated with Chris. We can injure that way. It can be anything, just general information and objects, but usually we just call it a weight in the simplest case just number
Jae Young Lee: Given a
Jae Young Lee: Directed graph.
Jae Young Lee: We have a two kinds of ages from, from the perspective of an edge, for example.
Jae Young Lee: So from the perspective of a note.
Jae Young Lee: For additional there are two edges coming in. So they are incoming edge. And there's one day going out this outgoing edges.
Jae Young Lee: Degree degree of a node is number of edges data instance to that.
Jae Young Lee: Degree of this node piece 123 in degree is number of incoming edges out degree is the number of outgoing. He is so for this note in degrees, one, two degrees one. So there's another example degree of this note.
Jae Young Lee: It is 12345 ages, isn't it.
Jae Young Lee: And there are 123 integrator incoming edges disintegrate. Want to outgoing edges stairs out during
Jae Young Lee: If you look at
Jae Young Lee: node a. And note, see there are two edges connecting these two, so they are called the parallel edges.
Jae Young Lee: Dentist, he comes out of a note be and then it goes back to note
Jae Young Lee: This is called the selfless
Jae Young Lee: In from now on, unless there is a separate
Jae Young Lee: Note, we always assume the graph, we are dealing with don't have payroll edges and they don't have self test underlying assumption.
Jae Young Lee: If we get either of them for certain application, then we will stated explicitly explicitly and separate. So again, we assume the graph, we will do with have no edges and no cell phones.
Jae Young Lee: We actually talked about a path when we were discussing a binary tree and
Jae Young Lee: F is
Jae Young Lee: It can be expressed as a sequence of footage a sequence.
Jae Young Lee: This is a path.
Jae Young Lee: So we can express this sequence of A, C, D, E, or we can express this one edge, A, C, followed by edgy CT followed by a GT. This is a
Jae Young Lee: Website cycle when we present a path as a sequence of purchases
Jae Young Lee: Cycle in a cycle. A for texts appears more than was we offer
Jae Young Lee: But there's a, you know, the notion of cycle. We're just trying to define just a little bit formal in the context of a graph. So, this is
Jae Young Lee: A see an attack. Yeah, correct. A, B, C, D, E,
Jae Young Lee: So,
Jae Young Lee: This note that peers, more than once, which may said, we have a
Jae Young Lee: It could be. It doesn't have to be in this way.
Jae Young Lee: A
Jae Young Lee: Don't have enough notes here we go through multiple Pettis, a P E, A, C, D, and
Jae Young Lee: I begin at the node A then I end a note be but
Jae Young Lee: In became a grant through the cycle. What I'm trying to say is that a note can appear in any place as far as it forms a cycle was so
Jae Young Lee: Simple path is a path.
Jae Young Lee: There's no site.
Jae Young Lee: Supervisor cycle. This is a simple send
Jae Young Lee: A note appears twice in the sequence only at the beginning and at the end. So this is a simple
Jae Young Lee: English discipline or less using that example more
Jae Young Lee: So this is a simple side.
Jae Young Lee: If
Jae Young Lee: We have
Jae Young Lee: One more note here.
Jae Young Lee: Then
Jae Young Lee: Focal through
Jae Young Lee: This way.
Jae Young Lee: Then a pierced, not only at the beginning and at the end, it appears in between. Samia, then it is not the same process again. Simple cycle. It is a path where
Jae Young Lee: The same note that appears at the beginning and at the end in the door. Other nose appears or the noise. There's a simple cycle.
Jae Young Lee: Versus the passage a passing interest graph. So this is a Pathan dirty cycle is a cycle in a directed graph. So, this is
Jae Young Lee: Connected
Saurav Banerjee: Professor one question on the path.
Saurav Banerjee: In this in this particular diagram on a non directed graph. How many paths are possible. So is he sees a bath a CBS all took back and easy.
Jae Young Lee: To just just just, just give me a minute.
Jae Young Lee: To go. Could you say that again slowly.
Saurav Banerjee: So in a undetected graph.
Jae Young Lee: And directed graph. Okay, so just give me see. Let me erase this
Jae Young Lee: Yes, go ahead. Yes.
Saurav Banerjee: My question is, are how many paths are possible in this particular and directed graph.
Oh,
Jae Young Lee: I don't have an immediate answer. So the IT DEPENDS ON. SO WE CAN I think we can come up with a maximum number Pettis, so we can't
Jae Young Lee: I don't think we have a formula for any arbitrary graph, but for this graph, we just have to count. Okay, I don't know, a lot of
Saurav Banerjee: Multiple
Jae Young Lee: This is a test, test, test, this is a this is a pitch.
Jae Young Lee: So again we can come up with a formula that says upper bound. So assuming there are no parole edges, assuming
Jae Young Lee: No self loops, then I think we can call me the formula data Paula, I just happened to not remember that. But we can call it easily.
Jae Young Lee: In terms of its just actual number that is the only way to find it out. It just count. There's no other way.
Saurav Banerjee: Okay.
Saurav Banerjee: And the other question is, so can you explain the difference between a vertex sorry edge and the village. I didn't follow the definition of cartilage
Jae Young Lee: Is a pair of edges. So there are two edges connecting ANC
Saurav Banerjee: Thank you.
Jae Young Lee: connected graph.
Franklyn: So rough. Excuse me, sir. See, going back to that paragraph. Right. I see a D and E are they also consider power because
Franklyn: The, the, and
Jae Young Lee: It is correct.
Jae Young Lee: You're correct.
Thank you.
Jae Young Lee: A graph is a connected cliff. If there's a path from a goat to every other node. So, from here I can digit path from seed to a seat and PC 20 then from be I can go to any other node through some passes.
Jae Young Lee: So general definition is, is it not just a definition is there is a path from a note to every other node stressor connected graph that shows me connected graph.
Jae Young Lee: Showing you connected graph is defined only for a directed graph as strongly connected. Again, strongly connected graph is defined only for a directed graph if there's an edge from a note to every other
Jae Young Lee: Thursday, a path from a note to every other
Jae Young Lee: So from sea to a C to D and the A to Z. Ey, to be. I can go this way I can go this way and that a to see
Jae Young Lee: If I can go from a note to every other node in a directed graph and it is called it's showing connected
Jae Young Lee: So graph geezer general technologist, as we discussed a lot of them, some of them basically the name suggests meanings. So usually we don't forget
Jae Young Lee: Maybe so we may forget, but usually it is that we can remember or look it up quite quickly. It is very important. I'm not saying they're not important but
Jae Young Lee: What I'm trying to say is that this is important. This definition because one of the algorithms, we will discuss later is a minimum spanning tree and then
Jae Young Lee: To keep five minimum spanning tree. First we have to define the spending so
Jae Young Lee: First we begin to the sub sub they say we have a G H graph.
Jae Young Lee: Is a Tupelo 740 system set of edges. So, another great so he
Jae Young Lee: Just said of vertices we try and set up edges. A prime if
Jae Young Lee: We prime is a subset of three and
Jae Young Lee: He is a subset of A, then we say, gee, prime which is great for he suggests a technician, but the given a actual growth is easy to find. But I did find a sub graph. Given a graph. There are many sub graphs.
Jae Young Lee: So,
Jae Young Lee: A craft consisting of those a PC. He, along with these three red edges so Teddy's itself will focus on just shown as an example. Yeah. Spinning StarCraft
Jae Young Lee: StarCraft it is soccer, but it has all 40s. So with a spinning sub graph sa T. 's
Jae Young Lee: We for a prime, then we crime is basically this MSP then he prime is a subset of
Jae Young Lee: Spending sub graph is a breath that includes all knows all parties. So this is an example of his paintings
Jae Young Lee: Versus tree tree redefined previous to this.
Jae Young Lee: We have
Jae Young Lee: It connected graph here another connected graph here, but they are not connected to each other.
Jae Young Lee: I can't go from D to E or from A to Z. So then we have a decision tree. The tree. So we call such a graphic forest decision tree.
Jae Young Lee: We know that we define the tree. It is 100
Jae Young Lee: And a site. So what was the one I forget and directed a cyclic
Jae Young Lee: I forget what was the difference. Does anybody remember the fall definition of a tree.
Jae Young Lee: A cyclic undirected citizen one more condition.
Christine Grosso: Sub Graph.
Sherard Howe: Can be joining
Jae Young Lee: So,
Jae Young Lee: Let's go to
Jae Young Lee: Sometimes I forget.
Jeff O'Connell: Directed
Jae Young Lee: This go there and look at the
Jae Young Lee: Binary tree was 980
Jae Young Lee: Connected
Jae Young Lee: Correct connected. Yes.
Jae Young Lee: Thank you.
Christine Grosso: Welcome
Jae Young Lee: Connected and directly to a site. So this is a tree all purchases are connected
Jae Young Lee: Then there's no cycle. And so this is a so forest entry now spinning
Jae Young Lee: Spinning creative circus spinning circle which we just talked about spending so
Jae Young Lee: And then it happens to be a tree.
Jae Young Lee: For example, let's look at here.
Jae Young Lee: This is a spinning sub graph. So, this is so graph, and that includes all vertices, but this is not the spanning tree because there's a cycle.
Jae Young Lee: So there's a difference between spinning sub graph and spinning up
Jae Young Lee: Spanning Tree spanning tree is a spinning sub graph that is a tree.
Jae Young Lee: Now, a son basically properties of a tree.
Jae Young Lee: A spiritually some relationships between number of vertices, a number of nodes and number of edges so
Jae Young Lee: If
Jae Young Lee: This is a directed graph Emmys number of edges.
Jae Young Lee: So suppose we have a graph.
Jae Young Lee: Then if I want to count.
Jae Young Lee: The degrees of all those. So when I count degrees degree of this note, I would count 123
Jae Young Lee: Then when I count degree of this note, I will count one, two,
Jae Young Lee: When I can't degree of does not count one, two. So as you can see, each age is counted twice. So some degrees of all those is twice the number of edges.
Jae Young Lee: But we detect to graph.
Jae Young Lee: The account it only once for in as an integrator or out
Jae Young Lee: He doing he is in incoming or outgoing
Jae Young Lee: So, for
Jae Young Lee: This one we counted as an industry or it's not. Then out of this note, but it is not counted into real this note and in degree or not at same time so
Jae Young Lee: If we
Jae Young Lee: Get the sum of in degrees of all those then when we count that each age is counted only was so this is the industry or this one or incoming edge of this one. This is incoming edge of this one. This is incoming edge of this only three. So that is
Jae Young Lee: The same as number of edges.
Jae Young Lee: And then it is the same with our degree or outgoing edges.
Jae Young Lee: You know, the maximum number of edges.
Jae Young Lee: Suppose we have a graph.
Jae Young Lee: And 40 system from one edge.
Jae Young Lee: So I can draw. How many from one note, I can draw at most three edges that is n minus from one
Jae Young Lee: At most,
Jae Young Lee: Premier 123
Jae Young Lee: And then since there are n those
Jae Young Lee: And most and invite us. So that is basically and
Jae Young Lee: N minus one.
Jae Young Lee: Divided by two.
Jae Young Lee: Emmys at most n n minus one divided by
Jae Young Lee: That if geez it directed graph, then it is a half of that, like we discussed here. So I think would skip that part. I will leave that part two. You don't think you have any difficulties.
Jae Young Lee: Now,
Jae Young Lee: If we have an undirected craft that it is connected
Jae Young Lee: This is a minimum
Jae Young Lee: To connect
Jae Young Lee: Good example. Suppose there are four knows that to connect all these purchases. I need at least three edges. That's what it is. So this is minimum number of edges in a connected graph is one less than number knows it is
Jae Young Lee: I need three I can't connect for 40 series of photos with only two as it is impossible.
Jae Young Lee: If it is a tree. Actually, this is a tree traditional cycle. So then it is to say, Miss n minus one.
Jae Young Lee: And this was a maximum or minimum and could be larger. So like large, large, but if it is a tree. If there's no cycle then aim is exactly and my ass excusing forest, they're separated and
Jae Young Lee: Then, and could be smaller than that is n minus. So, in this case m is one, two, and his phone. That's what
Jae Young Lee: Okay.
Jae Young Lee: Now what we are looking at is our textbooks implementation of a
Jae Young Lee: Graph data structure.
Jae Young Lee: Like our textbook always sauce it first. It defines abstracts data type.
Jae Young Lee: Then you know that when we define extract data types we define operations. Then I'll text implements that extract data type a Java interface so
Jae Young Lee: But for our course we will discuss that part. So I put this on, just a little bit. Just for your information, but you don't have to be concerned about our textbooks implementation of graph data structure. So just consider this is just for your information,
Jae Young Lee: Many operations here and then also some running times of different this one actually
Jae Young Lee: Has a running times with regard to different internal data structures we which we didn't discuss it as the point is that that don't worry about this abstract data type definition as defined in our textbook our textbooks graph data structure is very
Jae Young Lee: First, it is very first of all, it is very flexible, then it's a very, very powerful in some sense, but it is very complex.
Jae Young Lee: Usually for a simple application that needs a graph, we don't need
Jae Young Lee: It, we should not use it is very heavy hitting the surface because there's a performance implications, but in some applications this kind of complex data structure might be necessary, but my guess is our textbook tries to define in
Jae Young Lee: As more general way as possible. That's what our textbook is trying to you so you don't have to be concerned about this.
Jae Young Lee: Now we are discussing two different ways of representing a graph.
Jae Young Lee: In our program as an internal data structure.
Jae Young Lee: I have some comments later. But let's just stick with what our textbook doesn't
Jae Young Lee: The first one is called the he lists. So we have a list of edges.
Jae Young Lee: And also, we actually have a list of purchases
Jae Young Lee: Each list can be implemented using any appropriate data structure, it is, it can be implemented using a linked list or if you're using a Java program languishing then you can implement each of them with an array list. So it depends on
Jae Young Lee: Now, so we have a list of edges. So he connects to participate.
Jae Young Lee: This is a list of pointers or reference to
Jae Young Lee: An S.
Jae Young Lee: In our textbooks representation. He is an object such as a separate agent class edges and optics. So this is a pointer to an edge over that it is two pointers.
Jae Young Lee: One for each of those two and north. And so a point to you and three he points to the view and extract this data structures called the ag list so we can store our graph using this data search
Jae Young Lee: Jason see this
Jae Young Lee: Okay, so let's just stick to our textbooks representation. So
Jae Young Lee: Making some comments later.
Jae Young Lee: We have a list of vertices List of notes.
Jae Young Lee: Then each node has a pointer to a collection of ages. So, it is called the essence collection.
Jae Young Lee: Here this instance collection is a set of edges that our essence to that North Pole, you know, do we have three edges instance to you. So a PNC desert edges are included in this instance collection for node x we have ages, C, D, and
Jae Young Lee: Just let me finish the implementation of this essence collection is basically
Jae Young Lee: Determined by the program for writing this book.
Jae Young Lee: Yes, go ahead.
Saurav Banerjee: Yeah. So, for
Saurav Banerjee: Edge. How would we use the previous data structure to store it. So will that have
Jae Young Lee: Shown this one.
Saurav Banerjee: Yes. So in this case, how
Saurav Banerjee: They presented knowledge.
Jae Young Lee: Or not you have to modify the data as it is. We can't be present a pedal edge as it is so
Jae Young Lee: Then what you need is
Jae Young Lee: You have to allow multiple the ball edges here.
Jae Young Lee: Then you have to allow the situation.
Jae Young Lee: There's a parameter
Jae Young Lee: Which means that the number of edges must include all individual edges, including this pearl edges. So this a prime will be also pointing to you and v, but
Jae Young Lee: This object A again in our textbooks implementation. This is a one object when he says it another day or two different objects. So they are simply two different elements in this data structure. Okay.
Saurav Banerjee: Thank you.
Jae Young Lee: Okay, so this is Jason at least
Jae Young Lee: For this instance colloquium this technology, our technical users and not everybody uses a system knowledge, but this instance collection is used again in the next slide, not next next
Jae Young Lee: Oh yeah, we just didn't seem to have
Jae Young Lee: Basically the same as Jason to list the differences that instance collection is a map. It is a mapping
Jae Young Lee: mapping from a vertex to an edge.
Jae Young Lee: As you can see here, though, do you, it is three.
Jae Young Lee: Edges.
Jae Young Lee: Now, also it has three adjacent the 43 x
Jae Young Lee: So in this instance collection, we have a mapping from free to a that is here yet to see that is this one.
Jae Young Lee: W.
Jae Young Lee: W to do
Jae Young Lee: It the same with all other instances.
So,
Jae Young Lee: Which of course
Jae Young Lee: We have let's discuss this one.
Jae Young Lee: This representation is called a Jason see matrix it is a two dimensional matrix, the size of dimension of this matrix is
Jae Young Lee: And he is the number we're just, it is n by n matrix.
Jae Young Lee: In this example, we have four nodes. So this is a four by four matrix.
Jae Young Lee: The index is a matrix matrices Index. Index so matrix or integers. So we need a mapping
Jae Young Lee: From those two in depth. So you is mapped to zero or zero ve W, X two, X three and so this is a semi you
Jae Young Lee: In this example, this is a way to the graph each edge is associated a rate in this case. Wait, is it just object itself.
Jae Young Lee: So,
Jae Young Lee: At the intersection of a row and column corresponding to to those for you and we we put this edge or we saw this edge object here.
Jae Young Lee: If this he has a certain weight which has put weight over there.
Jae Young Lee: Anyway, in this example, we are showing just he is often an edge itself is an old so here he is putting notes on in three it is between you and us.
Jae Young Lee: One and three ser un x
Jae Young Lee: Is
Jae Young Lee: What was
Jae Young Lee: These free and so I'm just brilliant. Excellent. Brilliant excellent HD and so
Jae Young Lee: This representation is called a
Jae Young Lee: Jason see matrix.
Jae Young Lee: So first,
Jae Young Lee: If
Jae Young Lee: A graph is not a weighted graph.
Jae Young Lee: We put two ones here on one one and then if there's no edge between two producers, we put zero, it just 111111 indicates there's an edge between those two those
Jae Young Lee: Then this matrix. As you can see this symmetrical. So if you to a diagonal here, then it is a mirror image. This one that does this match all this metric. Because if there's an edge connecting you and then
Jae Young Lee: There's an entry.
Jae Young Lee: You be and also we you please. And then we you
Jae Young Lee: Know advantages over this Jason's matrix is it is fast.
Jae Young Lee: You know, the advantage of an array, array accessing and elements in an average very fast.
Jae Young Lee: Given a note.
Jae Young Lee: Then
Jae Young Lee: What to knows that, to see whether there's an edge or what is th connecting those two and we met those two nodes. Melissa you and next first lap you to zero, x two, three.
Jae Young Lee: And you go to zero comma three matrix or 03 comma 06. This is a symmetric. You can go directly accessing on element in the array. It's very fast specify vintage disadvantages storage.
Jae Young Lee: If number of noses HUNDRED AND WE NEED A 10,000
Jae Young Lee: Short space. So it is a trade off.
Jae Young Lee: Now, Jason CMS.
Jae Young Lee: Actually in some applications. This could be very efficient.
Jae Young Lee: In some applications. Suppose
Jae Young Lee: You need to. It's easy to find a is adjacent for text of a note from you to be so with another data structure or us some mapping and then from there, you want to find this he quickly.
Jae Young Lee: You know, that is very efficient as far as searches concern. So from you get up and go to the assessment.
Jae Young Lee: That Jason she lists.
Jae Young Lee: Again, that it depends on how this instance collection is implemented, usually we implement this essence collection is a linked list. Of course, we can also implemented. Implemented with the array list.
Jae Young Lee: So advantage of this Jason solicited it doesn't use as much astrology as the Jason's in matrix.
Jae Young Lee: But it is slow. So for example, if this is implemented as a linked list then to get all these three
Jae Young Lee: Essence, the edges that the instance to the zoo. I have to scan.
Jae Young Lee: You know that scan a linked list even released is slower than tester clear SEC accessing an element of
Jae Young Lee: Get at least
Jae Young Lee: The primary
Jae Young Lee: Data structure is this
Jae Young Lee: In a certain application. I have to find
Jae Young Lee: To put this is an edge.
Jae Young Lee: Again, it depends on the application. If that is case probably this data structure might be more appropriate. So each data structure has its own advantages and disadvantages, then we just have to choose appropriately, you know, on applications.
Jae Young Lee: Now one comment here, which essentially
Jae Young Lee: This is our textbooks.
Jae Young Lee: Representation of adjacent to this, but usually we don't do this.
Jae Young Lee: It is not. We don't do it this way. Usually when we say we Jason at least what we
Jae Young Lee: Are referring to is it
Jae Young Lee: This one, suppose a
Jae Young Lee: B. C.
Jae Young Lee: D.
Jae Young Lee: With the existentialist again, we have a list of those A, B, C, D.
Jae Young Lee: And then that is his collection.
Jae Young Lee: The essence collection we put purchases that usually, usually like A, B, C.
Jae Young Lee: D.
Jae Young Lee: Or having a CT not be a
Jae Young Lee: So,
Jae Young Lee: If you look at other data structure books are Williams books. This will be shown as an agency list.
Jae Young Lee: So portal Jason's this old textbooks is a little bit heavy
Jae Young Lee: Because each he is an object. So at this is more edge oriented.
Jae Young Lee: Representation, which is a typical representation is more vertex or notes or anything.
Jae Young Lee: Okay, I think we discussed page itself.
Jae Young Lee: Graphs. Our textbook has more. But for our course. I think that that much is sufficient.
Jae Young Lee: From here, now we discuss the craft algorithms.
Jae Young Lee: For that any questions.
Franklyn: Yes, sir.
Jae Young Lee: Yes, go ahead.
Franklyn: Yes, based on the urgency list that you just explained and the one that textbook implemented and why you said in order textbooks. They have which one is better.
Jae Young Lee: Oh guess it depends on so application. So in certain applications are given a note.
Jae Young Lee: So you want to be able to just identify edges quickly then this is more efficient, but given a note you want identify not edges. This is just the vertices quickly then that
Jae Young Lee: Is more appropriate, but the in terms of actual running times running times absolutely at the same level, but the actual that execution speed light in terms of Pico Pico I think they are all the same.
Franklyn: Okay, let's say you want. You, you, you, you have to look at
Jae Young Lee: That particular application where you are using this data structure.
Franklyn: Okay, let's say you want to identify both the edges. End of battles. You just want to go from G it to you from Utah v. And that's all you want. Identify also you want identify the edges. So, which
Jae Young Lee: In that case, I think I would use this one but
Jae Young Lee: From that Justin she lists. Usually we usually Jason's list when a graph is not a weighted graph because we don't have to be concerned about that edge itself the connectivity is automatically determined by
Jae Young Lee: Again for this one, we have a dedicated list with you. And then we ended x and then w. So we have a
Jae Young Lee: link list of those in essence collection so
Jae Young Lee: From this data structure. I can identify both edges and practices because I know that
Jae Young Lee: The fact that fees there means that there's an edge between the a and
Jae Young Lee: The fact that x is zero means that there's an edge from a two x, but not maybe so against
Jae Young Lee: When edgy is an object 10 probably just might be better. But if graph is not a weighted graph, which means that no additional information is associated with an edge. I think this is more efficient, more fast.
Jae Young Lee: The fact that they implement a as an object itself is a we have a separate class definition it is slow.
Franklyn: I see just because of the object of a. Okay, make sense. Thank you, sir.
Jae Young Lee: But ultimately, sometimes it is not clear, because unless that application is relatively simple in terms of graph or operations on a graph. Sometimes it is not clear, then we just have to write
Jae Young Lee: Again, in terms of people I think they are the same, but for actual execution time. You might have to experiment with
Jae Young Lee: This
Franklyn: Thank you.
Jae Young Lee: Okay. So we first discussed Griff Trevor's or
Jae Young Lee: If you remember, we discussed treatment versus so
Jae Young Lee: Now we're discussing craft craft person like Twitter version. This is a systematic way of listing all those in a graph then also with a graph trip trip versus
Jae Young Lee: We can
Jae Young Lee: Achieve some other properties like a so called reach ability to given a note in a graph.
Jae Young Lee: Is a path from the snow to some water, not, then we can run a graph, Trevor. So algorithms. And if that graph to reverse order can tell us whether there's a test from here to here. So, it is a
Jae Young Lee: Finding a path that reach ability and connectivity. Then also
Jae Young Lee: We did some we will discuss just basic graph triples or algorithms, but we they some additional code. We can also detect that it takes a cycle what whether
Jae Young Lee: It is a graph is showing you connected Rhonda are going to those kind of things require
Jae Young Lee: Some additional code, not just basic service or the desk for connected graph. This is 400 grams or similar information.
Jae Young Lee: We will discuss to reversal algorithms gear fest depth for searching and prep for search this one we actually discussed when you're discussing tree we discussed E F Trevor's
Jae Young Lee: Now let's
Jae Young Lee: Look at the example first. And they will come up to this come back to this DFS
Jae Young Lee: So we begin at a certain note, then
Jae Young Lee: The
Jae Young Lee: short description is that you just go until you get started so
Jae Young Lee: From here, I can go to here or here, it doesn't really matter. Just go, just keep going. That just for the sake of our own discussion, we assume in our class whenever there is a choice.
Jae Young Lee: Which means that from here I can go to P and D here whenever there is a choice. We assume we will always choose a note in alphabetical order.
Jae Young Lee: So P is before the end of the quarter. So we call
Jae Young Lee: That okay we just kept going. So from be I can go to C or E that see
Jae Young Lee: Coated see of basically
Jae Young Lee: From here, I can go to E and F again. We choose to go to E, because it is before f
Jae Young Lee: Once we are at a there's only one outgoing edge which means I can go on here but he has been already finished it. So, which means I'm stopping once we can start with backtrack.
Jae Young Lee: So that trip to see there, I have to see whether there are other other edge. I have to take the test one was taken in this case there's an HD is equal to f i think it is in the next slide.
Jae Young Lee: So we can this way then backtrack and then quote
Jae Young Lee: From there are two outgoing edges but he has been visited. So we go to G GS one outgoing edge. So he but he has been tested. So we are stuck. So we backtrack FCP a all day but
Jae Young Lee: Again, each time we have the examiner that there's other way, but we don't have any items. So we track all the way to a tent. There we go.
Jae Young Lee: So this is how DFS wants
Jae Young Lee: Us to the course.
Franklyn: Excuse me, sir.
Franklyn: Yes.
Franklyn: So basically the FSF occur if I'm wrong please correct me DFS
Franklyn: Always arrange the element in ascending order.
Jae Young Lee: No, no, no, just we just assume just to make our discussion, simple, it depends on that application. For example, oh, I understand, as I understand, when you say ascending order, Mr alphabetically. Right.
Jae Young Lee: Right, that's what I did. But no, we don't always do that just we do that to make our discussion simple
Jae Young Lee: Inaccurate applications.
Jae Young Lee: If you order is not important. Just one of them is chosen randomly.
Franklyn: Okay, so let's say we have we have an ad going to add going Ed coming out from A to he can we choose that.
Jae Young Lee: Again, in general, yes, we can see it doesn't change the DFS the result doesn't change.
Okay.
Jae Young Lee: But again, to make our own discussion simple we assume whenever we have a choice. We always follow the purchases in alphabetical order. But that's just what we do, but in actual application. No, it is not necessary, they may do it, but they're not necessarily
Franklyn: Okay, so let's say based based on our class that's because we want to make it so simple. Anytime we see a question. It could be test or whatever we should always assume we have to make it an alphabetical order or in order
Franklyn: In order
Jae Young Lee: Correct. But if, if, if there's a question wanted let's say in the quiz exam. So the same as dinner, I will have to mention the Palo Alto political or something.
Franklyn: Thank you, sir.
Jae Young Lee: So input arguments graph and then start nodding, so start at this naughty.
Jae Young Lee: First we mark you as fish.
And then
Jae Young Lee: For each outgoing edges. So we have a you hear
Jae Young Lee: Each outgoing edges agenda multiple edges.
Jae Young Lee: So this is he won, he
Jae Young Lee: Is me
Jae Young Lee: It is we want to
Jae Young Lee: Do this one for each of them. First we check whether it has been tested supposedly one has been tested, then we don't go there if we weren't has not been visited that we hold so free one is marked as face to face.
Jae Young Lee: Them as we informally talked about the problem here. We just keep going, which means that we do the same thing, simply because of
Jae Young Lee: The call itself because out the sun starts premier just keep going.
Jae Young Lee: And as a kind of a record keeping. So our textbook. It is not a record keeping it in mind, I misspoke. We need it is it is not for the purpose of record keeper. We have to collect this edge.
Jae Young Lee: So our textbook calls this edge discovery.
Jae Young Lee: This energy is saved in a survey data structure like a radius to a steak or some other point is a discovery.
Jae Young Lee: And then
Jae Young Lee: We proceeded this so we keep going. Okay, this is the Christopher call suppose we start here then recursive called returns
Jae Young Lee: From that call. So it will return to color which is the same DFS then that coming back or returning from a one recursive call is a backtracking to the previous one. So that backtracking is implemented.
Jae Young Lee: Returning from a this call.
Jae Young Lee: So we just keep one. Then once we start them at that that will be going either this way.
Jae Young Lee: Now, the output is it
Jae Young Lee: All vertices that are reachable from this not
Jae Young Lee: Net also
Jae Young Lee: All discovery edges.
Jae Young Lee: And then basically all these discs discovery edges.
Jae Young Lee: For me, so called a DFS tree.
Jae Young Lee: So I'll come back to this one.
Jae Young Lee: Let me see if I forget to put
Jae Young Lee: Forward to it.
Jae Young Lee: It is called a
Jae Young Lee: DFS tree.
Jae Young Lee: Yeah, so
Jae Young Lee: Yeah, I put it here.
Jae Young Lee: So Daniel. Let's talk about the later CFS. Oh. Classification of ages.
Jae Young Lee: We don't do this classification of ages, all the time, but some applications.
Jae Young Lee: disqualification of ages.
Jae Young Lee: Is necessary or some helpful in some applications.
Jae Young Lee: So we start from here.
Jae Young Lee: What we get at the end is a tree. So I just briefly mentioned on the person. This is called a fist.
Jae Young Lee: And then this is not
Jae Young Lee: The fact this is the treatments that gives a hierarchy, you know that in a treat as a note. It is a parent or may have a parent, it may have a choice. So parent child relationship or in general ancestors descendants, the hierarchies that
Jae Young Lee: We have three including these treaties this discovery ages are called the tree ages.
Jae Young Lee: Because they are part of tears and then beyond this tree ages. We have three types of ages.
Jae Young Lee: Ages for the edges cross edges, so they can put their defined in the context of the tire.
Jae Young Lee: So,
Jae Young Lee: Look at this one. We have an edge from he to see
Jae Young Lee: But in the hierarchy of this tree that PFS three DFS trees Asian parents will be peace, a parent of see sees a parent. So this is caused from a note to experience. So it is a package. So in general.
Jae Young Lee: And he edge is a big edge if he goes from a note to his ancestor. It could be a parent grandparent any excess baggage. Oh, this one here.
Jae Young Lee: Here bees and grandparents, because we came down this way.
Jae Young Lee: So this is a big edge.
Jae Young Lee: Ford Edge is an edge connecting those two is a descendant. So from D to E DJ grandparents is a grandchild. So this is a descendant of it. So this is for
Jae Young Lee: All remaining ages across ages.
Jae Young Lee: Again, we don't need clarification, all the time, but in some applications. They are use
Jae Young Lee: The same DFS on untreated graph.
Jae Young Lee: But basically the sentence.
Jae Young Lee: With a directed graph, we may not have all choices, depending on the direction of we may have a few choices because
Jae Young Lee: We may not have a outgoing edges but here we have more choices. We don't have such restriction. Again, beginning at node a. We have two choices. Go to be then here.
Jae Young Lee: There's only one choice, except this one coat. He now from once we are he we have 12345 edges data instance to eat. So through a whole bunch of choices.
Jae Young Lee: He has been finished it. Then again, assuming you appalling alphabetical order to equal to see CSR so 123 but that is to have interested. So we go to see that's what
Jae Young Lee: It is time we are stuck. So Patrick. Patrick now here. So we chose this one, but we still have other choices again. He is before others to finish. So we go to D, E, F, then we stopped. So the trick here and then called H and the quote
Jae Young Lee: And I think that is Sean just step by step.
Franklyn: Okay, sir, I have a quick question. Going back to from our stuff. If we choose an alphabetical order. We went to eat before they
Jae Young Lee: Say this again what
Franklyn: If we choose in alphabetical order based on what you said that we need to consider that. So why did we go he before going to the
Franklyn: Oh, why
Jae Young Lee: We came to he
Jae Young Lee: From P. Right.
Franklyn: Correct, but
Jae Young Lee: There's no edge from B to D again alphabetical order doesn't mean we just list all those in alphabetical order. When we have a choice. We have a multiple choices. Then we choose one page or that alphabetical order from be actually we don't have a choice. We don't have a choice.
Jae Young Lee: That goes to team. So again, alphabetical does not mean we just list all those in alphabetical order.
Franklyn: Okay.
Jae Young Lee: Any other questions.
Jae Young Lee: Okay, there it is. There's a one question. Oh, no, that it is a if we collect all those discovery ages date from a tree cannot be any loop or any cycle.
Jae Young Lee: The orders patient comparison know older is arbitrary in general. But as I mentioned, we just arbitrarily
Jae Young Lee: Decided so will be feasting disorder in alphabetical order. But in general, not
Jae Young Lee: It is not based on any comparisons.
Jae Young Lee: Any other questions.
Jae Young Lee: So if you look at the output of this one.
Jae Young Lee: I'll put a collection of vertices data reachable from New
Jae Young Lee: This this graphic connected graph. So we have all vertices
Jae Young Lee: Post. I have a graph.
Jae Young Lee: It looks like this.
Jae Young Lee: undirected graphs.
Jae Young Lee: If I start from here. I can't go over there. So I will get only these two vertices
Jae Young Lee: That are reachable from this
Jae Young Lee: But there's a DFS algorithm which actually featured all this note to. But again, this is just expansion, but
Jae Young Lee: With this algorithm we get only those that a ritual for now let's continue this
Jae Young Lee: Sorry, let me erase
Jae Young Lee: So if we start from here.
Jae Young Lee: We can't go there. So it is a directed graph.
Jae Young Lee: So if we run a DFS, then I will get only this one and this one. So,
Jae Young Lee: Again, once I'm here.
Jae Young Lee: I can't go there. Then once I'm here even though I'm here. I can't go there. So there's what is meant by
Jae Young Lee: Collection of purchases reachable from only those knows where I can go
Jae Young Lee: So that's why one of the applications mentioned earlier is that basically, this can be used for which ability test.
Jae Young Lee: Now,
Jae Young Lee: When interesting, important. So we run a DFS on hundred graph.
Jae Young Lee: Then
Jae Young Lee: It is connected component. That means that little graph is connected
Jae Young Lee: Connected components.
Jae Young Lee: Is it
Jae Young Lee: I didn't define
Jae Young Lee: This is a graph by definition is a forest but forces is a Sukkah. So this is a connected component. This is a connected component. So in a forest.
Jae Young Lee: Each individual sub graph is called a connected component. So I'm using that they're very informative individual self. So it should be well defined phone they defined, but I think you know what I mean is a connected component, this is connected
Jae Young Lee: Suppose we start from here. This is notice
Jae Young Lee: Then after running GFS. What we get is a spanning tree.
Jae Young Lee: In this connected component because we can't go over there. But we what we get is a tree that includes all of them. So by definition it is a spinning
Jae Young Lee: Then we they directed graph again, we have a all directed path is from the start. No to all other knows that. No, no. Not all other knows only those, those that are reachable from this, as we saw in the previous example.
Jae Young Lee: If I start from you. I can't quote here.
Jae Young Lee: I have it directed path this path from starts no to every other
Jae Young Lee: Reachable
Jae Young Lee: Writing time analysis.
Jae Young Lee: I think we will discuss this one. But in general, running time is this is a little bit more accurate, but in general are running time is a
Jae Young Lee: Certain age. This is a number of vertices number of edges.
Jae Young Lee: This is general expression of the running time of a DFS people have said this is the entity and plus, but our texts will get a more
Jae Young Lee: Specific with this is emotion.
Jae Young Lee: So tested DFS now PFS since we discussed BFS along with trees. So I think you'll notice that the idea is the same. We start a certain note when and we visit first A knows that are one edge away from us. So in this example, D and see when he
Jae Young Lee: Again, so this is our own assumption we assume whenever we have a choice. We visit those nose alphabetical which means that, but
Jae Young Lee: So I think one of you mentioned that in general, it doesn't really matter. I can go to see or it doesn't really matter. But to make simple. We're so we're going to be force, which means that if I write pertussis.
Jae Young Lee: Bye by the order off the pitches. A be writing p
Jae Young Lee: Next, see. So we are
Jae Young Lee: Then, next we have to visit those that a twitch away. There are GN but then we start from here. So, not from here.
So it is
Jae Young Lee: Dead. After that I go to.
Jae Young Lee: E and G here.
Jae Young Lee: He
Jae Young Lee: The order was that determined by these two the nose, of course, in this case, he comes before changing of vertical order to determine the path this order.
Jae Young Lee: He comes before. See, so we visit those that is one he away from Pete first before feasting a note G which is one edge away from
Jae Young Lee: Then
Jae Young Lee: G. No way.
Jae Young Lee: So from a again there are 123 those that are one H away from me. So they are three edges away from a now so we're going to pitch it E F H debt.
Jae Young Lee: To continue from there de
Jae Young Lee: de force than f follow. Then he goes
Jae Young Lee: No.
Jae Young Lee: There's nothing I can go from the so there's nothing I can grow from F, G, H, I can't go there.
Jae Young Lee: You can eat doesn't have to be in this way, I have to emphasize, we do that just for our own
Jae Young Lee: Benefit to make our discussion so that
Jae Young Lee: This is a PFS any questions.
Frank wu: Professor
Frank wu: So it's like a Congo either B or C.
Frank wu: By the being
Frank wu: Real practice. He can't go.
Frank wu: Like be and then go he all a go. See, and then go D or E. Right.
Jae Young Lee: You could say that, but we don't do that, the simple reason is that you can write a program
Jae Young Lee: Tell us in your own life, because it is arbitrary. So when you write an algorithm, then there must be, it must be
Jae Young Lee: It. We have to prove that they, it is not arbitrary so they always we get the correct result just meaning means that
Jae Young Lee: We visit all knows in the particular way. But if you do that manually. Yeah, you could do that. But you have to make sure that you don't miss anything or you did correctly when you write an algorithm. We don't want the output to be dead.
Jae Young Lee: But
Frank wu: I think if I can do it right.
Frank wu: Constraints, or just go arbitrary
Jae Young Lee: Oh no. What I'm saying is that between the end you can choose original source code from A to B and then a to z or from A to C and then after that, A to B, but you don't go. A to B to an E and then call A to C and E g. We don't do that. We first all knows that that one edge away from here.
Jae Young Lee: Then only then we go to. He was, he
Jae Young Lee: Said to answer your question.
Frank wu: I
Jae Young Lee: Believe I discussed one algorithm that uses a queue.
Jae Young Lee: You might take, for instance, how much time to here.
Jae Young Lee: Let me briefly discussed it
Franklyn: Okay, so before you before you leave. Go back to your discussion. So, can you please
Franklyn: Read the last few days BFS place.
Franklyn: What can you please read illustrate this BFS how the audience go
Jae Young Lee: OK, so the restart from here we visit all vertices that one edge away from so test is too. Right. Correct. Yeah, and see you next repeated two edges away from a there is 21212 so without considering any order. Yes.
Jae Young Lee: Then, so we visited visited this is
Jae Young Lee: Now we are pitching those data. Three Ages from a which means that the
Jae Young Lee: From G. There are no other practices, we can go up for me. We can go the F H. They are the those that are three edgy away from me. So it is that final visit so Texas PFS
Jae Young Lee: And but the just to make our discussion simple we said when we have a choice. We
Jae Young Lee: Pitch it in alphabetical order.
Franklyn: Okay.
Jae Young Lee: So to make that more concrete. So let me discuss one, I would like to. I think I discussed this argument. But just to refresh your memory.
Jae Young Lee: So we start from a
Jae Young Lee: Then this is just regular cutie pie for q
Jae Young Lee: We include a
Jae Young Lee: Then we take you. So we put it one. He was, it is, it could just be right there.
Jae Young Lee: Yeah.
Jae Young Lee: All purchases that up, Jason to this one. So the PNC again. Let's put us off vertical. So we end up in QC So Ted, is a one iteration. Is it true. So we see this one. So, this one, this one iteration that we just repeat the same now.
Jae Young Lee: Again, this is a regular fight for. Q So DQ. The first one is equal. Once this know the ticket, then all purchases that are the Jason suit that note is in this case there's only one so easy.
Jae Young Lee: And then next
Jae Young Lee: Sees the code.
Jae Young Lee: That see as E and G. But he has been visited already. So on the cheese in queue.
Jae Young Lee: Then next is the cute.
Jae Young Lee: After he has been declared again to three nodes that are instance to this one, their interest. So let's put on TF ah
Jae Young Lee: Then, so he has been too cute so now taken je
Jae Young Lee: Which he okay he again since it hasn't ever any adjacent fortis's so we just keep going to D.
Jae Young Lee: Yeah.
Jae Young Lee: He is one node to node adjacent but both of them. They were already include here so we don't do anything. The next DQ f
Jae Young Lee: Again, nothing that next DQ H
Jae Young Lee: When we dig. Ah, it is to just fortis's he has been already taken care of. But I is not so is in
Jae Young Lee: The x is equal. So at this time we are so this is the sequence of vertices that are generated by PFS assuming we are fishing in alphabetical order.
Jae Young Lee: But actual order is determined by your own data structure. Suppose you are using it, the case and she list.
Jae Young Lee: So for example, let's look at this one.
Jae Young Lee: Jason, see List. Suppose I'm implementing this list is a linked list that si P not automatically test how I showed my grip. Then after incurring a that DQ we said that after take you to say, we will into
Jae Young Lee: Two purposes data with Jason suit is for, then I will just follow this data structure, which means that see will be included, first, followed by
Jae Young Lee: What I'm trying to say is that the order by which these two vertices or Christy is determined by eventually your own data structure or eventually how you write it
Jae Young Lee: But, but let's to make our discussion simple. Let's just say we are doing it this way to 10 it is guaranteed to visit have
Jae Young Lee: Any other questions.
Jae Young Lee: DFS PFS
Jae Young Lee: Properties.
Jae Young Lee: That all the edges. They're called also a prompt a trace it is called a PFS
Jae Young Lee: By the way, so one property of the SBIR phase three is so let's go
First
Jae Young Lee: The tree both DFS tree and the PS3 PFS trees palm trees trees, but they're directed trees or engine directed graph, it happens to be a tree. Then, which means that each edgy has a direction. So, beginning with a short note, basically this edgy, the direction of he indicates
Jae Young Lee: How we discovered each not
Jae Young Lee: Then
Jae Young Lee: From this note to this note there's a path there. So this is the shortest path.
Jae Young Lee: Assuming
Jae Young Lee: The length of each one. Each edges, one, one.
Jae Young Lee: So,
Jae Young Lee: For example, from this note to this note, I can go this way or I can go this way.
Jae Young Lee: Oh, in this case, yes, I should get it.
Jae Young Lee: Yeah. So let's look at this example from a 2D, I can go this way or
Jae Young Lee: Probably, I have to make another
Jae Young Lee: I can't go this way or I can't go this
Jae Young Lee: This graph is so simple, so
Jae Young Lee: I need to add one more.
Jae Young Lee: One more note here to make a point. So,
Jae Young Lee: But PFS will find this path, it will not find this path.
Jae Young Lee: A path.
Jae Young Lee: From
Jae Young Lee: From PFS from start note to other node is always a shortest path.
Jae Young Lee: In terms of number of edges or assuming
Jae Young Lee: The edge length is all one unit then
Jae Young Lee: This is one of the properties of PFS
Jae Young Lee: Running time is again the same as DFS again. We said that that PFS is also
Jae Young Lee: The people
Jae Young Lee: We he. This is and this is
Jae Young Lee: Now waiting graph of more interesting algorithms.
Jae Young Lee: We already know what weighted graph is an edge is associated with it could be anything. In this example, it's just a number, then
Jae Young Lee: Maybe here it will present a distance between two cities.
Jae Young Lee: Memphis person is 1216 bars and post a new york 215 bucks and so on. So, it is
Jae Young Lee: Our textbook uses it is function is a function. Wait function.
Jae Young Lee: This is an argument, it returns a real number. He has waited a function, it maps to a viola.
Jae Young Lee: DC just numbers.
Jae Young Lee: That length of it.
Jae Young Lee: Can be represented as a sequence of nose or
Jae Young Lee: So sequence of edges in this way.
Jae Young Lee: When it is a sequence of pages, then the second node or this he must be the same as the first edge of the subsequent session. In that way, the path is for
Jae Young Lee: It length with path is, some of which have all these edges. So each edge is associated with them.
Jae Young Lee: With the citizens' 10 to 15. This is 100 that we add all these ways that that is weight of this path.
Jae Young Lee: Distance between you and we
Jae Young Lee: Could be multiple passes in general.
Jae Young Lee: Dishes how distance is defined in this context, it is not a general, it doesn't have a general meaning the menu slightly different distance from you to be easy minimum length path.
Jae Young Lee: Which is suppose if I go listen. These two two cities. If I go, let's say this is a poster New York through this path. It is a 20 bars. The 300 meters. This is 500 words, then we say distance between these two nodes is 200 again. We know that it is the length of the minimum
Jae Young Lee: So it is different from the usual notion of a thesis.
Jae Young Lee: If there's no path from you to be 10 it is to find to pitch us to infinity, infinity, Mr data.
Jae Young Lee: Over so so basically
Jae Young Lee: At this minimum length path is called the shortest path. So in this example. This is a shortest path for you to
Jae Young Lee: Test. How to census defined
Jae Young Lee: In this context.
Jae Young Lee: Now the way cycle. So let me use a different example here.
Jae Young Lee: I say
Jae Young Lee: 256
Jae Young Lee: What is a shortest path from A 2820
Jae Young Lee: Actually, it is not defined.
Jae Young Lee: Suppose I go
Jae Young Lee: This path.
Jae Young Lee: The path length is 17
Jae Young Lee: If I go
Jae Young Lee: This way, again, by definition, the length of the path is, some of which have already so 10 plus two plus negative six, then it becomes a four plus five, then it becomes
Jae Young Lee: If I go around the circle once more than 10 plus two plus minus six minus six. It is 05
Jae Young Lee: So there is no notion. Okay, what is
Jae Young Lee: The reason is
Jae Young Lee: This cycle then way to recycle or weight of the length of the cycle is, some of which of all ages in the cycle. It is two plus negative six is negative for
Jae Young Lee: Again, the reason we can't even show the path is because of the cycle, whose lengthiest for such cycle is called
Jae Young Lee: United way's
Jae Young Lee: So in certain applications which could be negative numbers.
Jae Young Lee: Not in all applications and if narrative which allowed them. It is possible, we may have a narrative with cycle in our craft. So if there's a narrative with cycle then show the path is not defined the doors, which means that we can talk about the shortest paths.
Jae Young Lee: So I think, yeah, usually topological ordering is discussed after DFS yes yeah we're skipping. Yeah.
Jae Young Lee: Any particular reason you are interested in top of those gloating
Molly Rice: Know, professors, sorry. I was just wondering, I was just going along with what was in the book. So I just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing a topic.
Jae Young Lee: OK. So again, so
Jae Young Lee: We can't discuss everything here we have a limited amount of time so certain topics I had to draw on.
Jae Young Lee: Top of logical ordering is used
Jae Young Lee: When we want to decide precedence for partial ordering among different events.
Jae Young Lee: Yeah. Okay, so that's a different story. That is one interesting application, but
Jae Young Lee: I dropped dead because of some limited time we have
Jae Young Lee: Oh,
Jae Young Lee: Famous texture. So this is show this paper with them. There are different types of food. This path proper
Jae Young Lee: single source, single destination single source multiple destinations, the multiple destinations to single source, a single
Jae Young Lee: Multiple sources to single destination and multiple sources to multiple destinations. There are, in general, four types of to disperse problems.
Jae Young Lee: Just type. Sure. So with them sort of single source to multiple destinations, which means that if we run it, I trust algorithm or a source node, then we will find the shortest path from the source node every art so multiple destinations.
Jae Young Lee: This algorithm is for both 2200 graph then without words but just so if there are negative words and showed his pets may not be even define
Jae Young Lee: It finds a shortest path from source for text to every four times. So this is a single source multiple destination.
Jae Young Lee: This is a greedy algorithm.
Jae Young Lee: Oh, so you are to your project. So you know that it is
Jae Young Lee: It says source node is a destination, though.
Jae Young Lee: If I want to find the shortest path path from this source and destination. But then I can't enumerate all possible paths, this way, this way or this way or this way.
Jae Young Lee: And then for each path I click let them.
Jae Young Lee: Choose one is the shortest
Jae Young Lee: 10 it is guaranteed. Are you always pointed the shortest path, but it is very expensive.
Jae Young Lee: This graph is smoke, but soon there is non trivial number of possible paths in a general graph, we are less than 10 so knows that 10 so for ages 10s are very small in real application to hundreds of thousands of dollars. Then number parcel passes is extremely larger than a actions.
Jae Young Lee: Theoretical we can prove there's no polynomial 10 hours writing time more search algorithm exam is all possible pairs of shoes exponential. So it is too expensive.
Jae Young Lee: So people develop a greedy algorithm.
Jae Young Lee: We discussed a greedy algorithm idea that general concept using that hot month code.
Jae Young Lee: Instead of examining or possible that this we make a decision based on what we know at that time, or with a limited information. So from this note.
Jae Young Lee: I can go either this note this note Protestant. So I have three choices that I use it that limited information and then I choose just one of them to this page on this.
Jae Young Lee: Length, or some other additional information like the reticence information in your project that the point is that we don't use
Jae Young Lee: All possible informations or we are not looking for global optimal solutions. We are looking for on a local optimal solutions. So we just make a decision from here to here, from here to just wanted to guess what to to heuristics, all with the in your project do
Jae Young Lee: Textures algorithm does exactly the same way. Of course, it is a different you stick but the difference between Dykstra, and those two heuristics is the T shirts I will the guarantees, we always get the shortest path or we will always get the optimal solution.
Jae Young Lee: Just extra service. So it is
Jae Young Lee: So there are three important components.
Jae Young Lee: In discussing this texture so good in terms of operation. The most important operation. It is as the call for the structures or goodness this relaxation
Jae Young Lee: Now,
Jae Young Lee: I said that there are three important component in terms of data structure. So, one is this notion of dictated citizens. So let's discuss it first. Then after that we're discussing relaxation
Jae Young Lee: Doctors are good in music radio with them. It is a 34 so which means that we go through a certain number of iterations for situation second iteration. And so we call
Jae Young Lee: That
Jae Young Lee: Each node is a P value so
Jae Young Lee: Initially, the value of x node is zero or others.
Jae Young Lee: As we go on, or as we execute this algorithm one iteration at a time.
Jae Young Lee: To be updated with some less it is 10, is it too.
Jae Young Lee: Late this is updated 15 so
Jae Young Lee: Then at a certain point in time. The DW over a node. Listen, this is
Jae Young Lee: The build up is no disputing
Jae Young Lee: The meaning of this Putin is dead is show this path length, but the length of the shortest path we found so far.
Jae Young Lee: Suppose
Jae Young Lee: This 15 is a distance from
Jae Young Lee: Distance along this path, for example.
Jae Young Lee: Then so far. This was the best I could do that text message 50 but later as we go on more iterations, the API. There's a shortest path from here. This is a test one to ensure this path length is a three, then it will be updated to three.
Jae Young Lee: So,
Jae Young Lee: Force, the meaning or way to have a note is that this length of the shortest path which we found at the time so far, that's the best we could test at the second thing is that he gets updated as we execute this textures algorithm, as we call it. Now relaxation
Jae Young Lee: Suppose we're running the type source algorithm.
Jae Young Lee: Suppose current do please hundred just for sake of discussion that
Jae Young Lee: To view is, let's say nine
Jae Young Lee: Then there's a passport here. Yes.
Jae Young Lee: So, which means that if I come to be along this path. The length is this hundred miles. I have to try from St. You just 90 Rs. Suppose there's a road or edge connecting you to please support. This is for
Jae Young Lee: So it is certain point in time. So I citizen current to vs hundred but I see to viewers 90 that this at length is a way to to satisfy that
Jae Young Lee: Instead of coming this way.
Jae Young Lee: I should come this way.
Jae Young Lee: Because this is shorter 95 is shorter than hundred
Jae Young Lee: So then, okay, so no I'm not.
Jae Young Lee: Coming this way so oh come visit updated this one tonight.
Jae Young Lee: This operation is called the relaxation. We say we are Lexi, the set of July, we are relaxing. This is focus on of course
Jae Young Lee: Just like is
Jae Young Lee: It a certain point in time.
Jae Young Lee: To view is 10 to 17 and then there's an edge from you to be. And then it is one
Jae Young Lee: That we add this 10 with one that compare that with current to fee, since it is smaller, so it is updated.
Jae Young Lee: That is what this relaxation
Jae Young Lee: If your view, plus this educate smaller than current to be
Jae Young Lee: To be updated in civilization.
Jae Young Lee: In this example,
Jae Young Lee: This he is not relaxed because 10 plus 12 is not smaller than 70
Jae Young Lee: Disabilities. As you can see textures are going to use this relaxation when it is trying to find the shortest path.
Jae Young Lee: Yes.
Jae Young Lee: So this is a pseudo code, but we will illustrate using an example.
Jae Young Lee: So I said, there are three data structures. One is that array textures that d
Jae Young Lee: Initially,
Jae Young Lee: Do faces zero and to all other nodes and infinity. Now we have two data structures. One is called a CLO this informally called Cloud.
Jae Young Lee: Will be using this cloud when we're discussing the knowledge spanning tree algorithm data to you may want to remember to. So one is a priority to pick
Jae Young Lee: From first
Jae Young Lee: Priority contains also teaches
Jae Young Lee: All those in the craft, including this so
Jae Young Lee: Then we know that the way protocol works is that if we invoke the movie method and and to be the smallest keys remove them.
Jae Young Lee: Because here.
Jae Young Lee: We are sorry all knows
Jae Young Lee: Oh, we know this this Tw Tw is the key of A note, which means that
Jae Young Lee: If we invoke it be moved me methyl on this piratical then a note with the smallest p value will be removed.
Jae Young Lee: Once it is the most from this particular it is coming to this cloud a cloud is a test setup knows you can implement this one in any way you want.
Jae Young Lee: Again,
Jae Young Lee: This is a cloud. Now let's look at
Jae Young Lee: So we have a gear re gestures, the values of all purchases PQ priority queue. All those are there initially did he tell you all a note is the key of A dental cloud is just a some data structure. We are. We just collect, not
Jae Young Lee: First
Jae Young Lee: To SS zero d of all other nodes, the infinity in all of them are in the priority.
Jae Young Lee: Then we invoke the movement method since s as the smallest at it will be removed.
Jae Young Lee: Then once it is removed. It comes into the cloud. So in this diagram.
Jae Young Lee: If a node comes into the cloud. It is colored yellow. So S is called yellow, which means that S is now in the cloud.
Jae Young Lee: Or other nodes are still in the priority kill once a note is pulled into the cloud. Then we select this edge, let this
Jae Young Lee: You know what location does zero plus two is smaller than infinity. So,
Jae Young Lee: It is updated zero plus nine is smaller than infinity, it is updated and then
Jae Young Lee: Here.
Jae Young Lee: They are color red and then the gauge dead easy
Jae Young Lee: Predecessor
Jae Young Lee: Prestigious predecessor.
Jae Young Lee: Indicating S is the predecessor of a s is the predecessor. O. P. Eventually, we'll get a path from as to all other notes again path is a sequence of purchases. So there's an ordering there. So, s is the predecessor as its predecessor of
Jae Young Lee: This data structure is not explicitly mentioned. So we need another to structure their stores this predecessor relationship and it is a one iteration. So one iteration includes the movement and then relax all adjacent fortis's Tessa one it right
Jae Young Lee: Now,
Jae Young Lee: We begin again the movement. So we have a two nine infinity infinity. So, this one has a smaller scale. So it will be chemo. So he comes into the crowd that it is three.
Jae Young Lee: Edges instance to this. So we Lex, this one, this one, this one,
Jae Young Lee: So a. So this is a two plus eight is smaller than infinity. So, two plus eight is updated to plus 15 is more than infinity is updated so its predecessor relationship relationship and then two plus six.
Jae Young Lee: is smaller than current to be that is nine, so these two edges relaxed in the video piece, updated to a look at here. The predecessor relationship changes previously s was the predecessor now is the prejudice winning previously.
Jae Young Lee: When I came from STP I follow this path, but at that time just nine was the best, but now after a has been pulled into the cloud, then it is password if I come this way.
Jae Young Lee: So as you can see limitation involves
Jae Young Lee: Possible potential change or despair and also potential change of his predecessors.
Jae Young Lee: Now, that is the second iteration.
Jae Young Lee: That you know what
Jae Young Lee: We have to do. So we just repeat the same process with next week. Oh, man, we have a 817 10 infinity. So tissue will be removed because it is smallest
Jae Young Lee: To remove that this is Lexi. So previously, either to infinity. Was this is pulled into the private cloud. A plus three smaller than infinity. So, it becomes 11
Jae Young Lee: One more.
Jae Young Lee: Next we will remove this one.
Sherard Howe: Why wouldn't be to go next, after a
Sherard Howe: Since it's only six or eight at that point.
Jae Young Lee: Say that again.
Sherard Howe: What you are saying, Be gone into cloud next word
Jae Young Lee: Is let's just erase this one. So are you looking at the here.
Sherard Howe: Yeah.
Jae Young Lee: Okay, so what was your question now.
Sherard Howe: You're saying he's going to the cloud. Next, right, because he
Jae Young Lee: Yes, he is. This one is pulled into the crowd crowd. Yes.
Jae Young Lee: So why is that why is he pulled into the cloud is it
Sherard Howe: Making sure
Sherard Howe: It sounds like something else was being done.
Jae Young Lee: Okay, yes, you are correct. A PIECE. IT IS YELLOW up. Yes.
Sherard Howe: And we're going that way because we become before D since the weights, the same between two great
Jae Young Lee: He has the smallest at at this time.
Sherard Howe: Oh, sorry.
Jae Young Lee: This
Jae Young Lee: Is
Jae Young Lee: B C D are still in the priority queues among those. This one has a smallest, such as the movie nestled removes this one.
Jae Young Lee: Okay, so with the next movement method again at this time d C and E or in the priority queue and he has a smallest thing. So it is removed it now.
Jae Young Lee: This edges.
Jae Young Lee: Previously it was 17 here. And now once he is pulled into the cloud.
Jae Young Lee: Templates one is smaller than 17 so this tea or sees updated our TP comes the predecessor previously a was practices, which means that
Jae Young Lee: Previously, this was the best we could to show this path length was 17 but was we found this one, then we know that this is the shortest path to plus a plus one is 11 so testimonial to civilization.
Jae Young Lee: Next, these two are still in the priority queue. They have the same key than which one is removed is basically determined by that underlying data structure. So one of them will be removed. So in this example, we're subsidies first
Jae Young Lee: No need to, let's say, because it doesn't have any outgoing edge then next one more removing the thought, you will be moved, then we are talking
Jae Young Lee: So if we collect those edges.
Jae Young Lee: That establish a predecessor relationships that we have a show this practice from. So all of us. So this is show this path from s s to be this is showing his path from St. E. And so this is exercise.
Jae Young Lee: And he questions.
Saurav Banerjee: Professor so
Saurav Banerjee: Fear using priority queue after after each node has been moved to cloud.
Saurav Banerjee: Are we going to recreate the priority queue based on the
Jae Young Lee: Know. So initially, all those already in the priority queue.
Jae Young Lee: We just invoke the move me method, then a the one with the smallest is removed the remaining. Those are still there in the production. So you don't have to be concerned about.
Saurav Banerjee: But, but the values are changing, right. So our priority queue has the key as the
Jae Young Lee: Update of keys.
Jae Young Lee: Right. Yes. Yeah, that has to be done. Correct.
Okay.
Jae Young Lee: So when a an edgy or as you say in general. Next 10 associated the
Jae Young Lee: Tea Parties have that the associated the nose must be updated. Yes, that is correct.
Saurav Banerjee: Thank you.
Jae Young Lee: Any other questions.
Jae Young Lee: Again, the how that updates should be done is implementation dependent. So what kind of data structure we are using
Jae Young Lee: Running time. I don't think we will do this run in time analysis running time is actually dependent on what kind of underlying data structures we are using
Jae Young Lee: This running time is based on the assumption that will be using the cheap priority queue. The one you used for that process scheduling that particular
Jae Young Lee: Again, so you will not discuss how we get this one and you don't have to be concerned about.
Jae Young Lee: So this is a texture. So there are different show this path algorithms like in multiple sources to multiple destinations. And so then they're more general also textures are good certain so this pencil textures algorithm doesn't detect the presence of a net which side so
Jae Young Lee: It assumes the graph doesn't have an active cycle. But there are some showed his path algorithms. If we run will tell us. Okay. This graph is inadequate cycle. So it will terminate prematurely, and then it will issue and Aramis or some kind of message so it can detect
Jae Young Lee: The point is that dangerous algorithm is one of the
Jae Young Lee: Most we'll launch your despair thought
Jae Young Lee: That this is that the only. There are other algorithms that can do some additional things. Other ones beta
Jae Young Lee: Now minimum spanning tree.
Jae Young Lee: So we defined what spanning tree is to as his name suggests, minimum spanning trees are spending to have a graph that has showed this way.
Jae Young Lee: This is definition of a way to a three way Toby tree is, some of which of all ages in the tree we add old witch of all ages.
Jae Young Lee: So one observation is that the one thing is that given a graph.
Jae Young Lee: We may have been multiple minimum spanning trees, which means that we may have a spanning trees multiple spanning trees that have the same smallest length.
Jae Young Lee: Spanning Tree may not be unique.
Jae Young Lee: So here are we given a craft which undirected waited and connected and simple, simple means no parole edges know selfless
Jae Young Lee: Or textual guess to algorithms cream john Carlton and Chris cards.
Jae Young Lee: At the conceptual level description couscous our wilderness simple attendee. So, actually a lot simpler. This is very easy.
Jae Young Lee: Cream journey is more complex, but the implementation is different implementation of postcards algorithm actually could be a more complex.
Jae Young Lee: We will discuss cream genetic algorithm first, then we'll discuss postcards.
Jae Young Lee: The supreme Johnny algorithm is very similar to
Jae Young Lee: Textures in the way it works. Of course, there are different.
Jae Young Lee: For so we define
Jae Young Lee: This minimum wage edge.
Jae Young Lee: Suppose
Jae Young Lee: We have a graph and then we divide that graph into to
Jae Young Lee: Settle for teachers to set up north. So we have a some notes here, we have all the remaining both mutually exclusive, which means that a note may not belong here. The usual. This is called a cart.
Jae Young Lee: Me so
Jae Young Lee: For your public key. So let's use a simple example.
Jae Young Lee: I have a graph.
Jae Young Lee: I can cut this graph.
Jae Young Lee: We said three purchases. This is a paper.
Jae Young Lee: Since this is a connected graph.
Jae Young Lee: connected graph. They'll must be at least one edge connecting a note in this petition.
Jae Young Lee: And another note in that position. Again, this is connected graph there must be at least one extra
Jae Young Lee: In general, there could be multiple edges connect a note here to another note there. So these edges are called rejects
Jae Young Lee: It. Ah, he has a suppose
Jae Young Lee: Let's make one more note here.
Jae Young Lee: Hey, sorry about that.
Jae Young Lee: One more note.
Jae Young Lee: Is also preach edge.
Jae Young Lee: And
Jae Young Lee: Suppose way to have this ages 10 but it took this age is 20 way to this edges through
Jae Young Lee: This age is called the minimum weight.
Jae Young Lee: We have bridges in this case three, then the one with the smallest weight is called a minimum weight.
Jae Young Lee: So this minimum worth edges use in this journey.
Jae Young Lee: The way it works is, again, very similar.
Jae Young Lee: Again, it is a cloud.
Jae Young Lee: Then also, it uses a protocol.
Jae Young Lee: So we will discuss details of the supreme joining
Jae Young Lee: Like textures of it is a notion of cloud. It uses a priority queue. And then it also has a notion of detail you have a note.
Jae Young Lee: Again, it is a particular very similar, but we will not discuss this prim Johnny are written using those three data structures. So we'll discuss in a slightly different way.
Jae Young Lee: The reason is that we don't want to discuss it algorithm itself, but still we want, you want to describe how the sprint journey or whatever.
Jae Young Lee: Then he can be described in slightly different way that that ways easier to understand. That's why we are using that. But if you're interested, you can read our textbook or you can just read a pseudo code, you will find it is very similar to
Jae Young Lee: Textures
Jae Young Lee: Is all three components cloud D and protocol.
Jae Young Lee: And the way it works is that we begin at a certain starts note.
Jae Young Lee: This case here.
Jae Young Lee: That
Jae Young Lee: Initially, it is pulled into the cloud. So, this
Jae Young Lee: Yellow means it is pulled into the cloud blue indicates cloud lb. So here it means that is pulled into the cloud. It is in the cloud that read it is a minimum with he
Jae Young Lee: Let me draw a line here, this so now once a is in the cloud, then all others actually in the priority queue, but we can think of that petition. So this is a one partition. This is another partition. This is a, this is a prime
Jae Young Lee: Then this is a research.
Jae Young Lee: Project
Jae Young Lee: Three bridges connecting one note from here and then another popular among these three bridges in this case.
Jae Young Lee: A he has a smallest wait
Jae Young Lee: Exposed
Jae Young Lee: So this is, you know,
Jae Young Lee: Then we first collect this minimum wage. Ah, so we have to click to so eventually trees, a collection of minimum pinion trees, a collection of all this meal with he did this. He is pulled into the cloud.
Jae Young Lee: So now our cloud has
Jae Young Lee: Two purposes. This is, again, this is cloud.
Jae Young Lee: There are many
Jae Young Lee: Many bridges agency. So this is a British
Jae Young Lee: This is a bridge.
Jae Young Lee: This is
Jae Young Lee: An edge connecting a note in the cloud with another node in the productivity or outside the cloud among this this D. He has the smallest weight. So that is minimum weight.
Jae Young Lee: So, which means that
Jae Young Lee: He is pulled into the cloud, then this know at this edge is collected. Can we just keep collecting this. We don't wait. He is
Jae Young Lee: Next, so again, once it is pulled into cloud. This is what we have, again, there are many bridges that this E F is the smallest way. So, E, F is minimum wage, so it
Jae Young Lee: Will be pulling this fit into the cloud and we'll be collecting this edge.
Jae Young Lee: So this is what we have
Jae Young Lee: We have a D, E, F in our cloud.
Jae Young Lee: Then
Jae Young Lee: Again, there are many bridges among those. This has small list.
Jae Young Lee: So C is pulled into the cloud. And if you call it.
Jae Young Lee: You can see what we are
Jae Young Lee: In each iteration.
Jae Young Lee: Basically we identify me, man. Wait. Ah, that we pull that node into the cloud and we collect that he
Jae Young Lee: See comes into the cloud.
Jae Young Lee: Then
Jae Young Lee: If this time. This is just as a practice. So this is a bridge.
Jae Young Lee: This is a bridge.
Jae Young Lee: This is a preacher. This is a project. This is a purchase decision. Is there a lot of pretentious about those. I think this PC as a small this way.
Jae Young Lee: So,
Jae Young Lee: So it is color red
Jae Young Lee: So in the next iteration. So
Jae Young Lee: Not actually in so we're not talking about in terms of iteration.
Jae Young Lee: Will be pulling this into the cloud. So p comes into the cloud. So tell us what we have
Jae Young Lee: Then we have to project is E g and FDA, the FDA has the smaller. Wait, so
Jae Young Lee: F, G, this edge is added to our collection of me my weight ages.
Jae Young Lee: Then that collection of minimum wage ages. We collected so far they for a minute pantry. So this red edges doesn't mean much better.
Jae Young Lee: At this is another way of describing Johnny Carver, so we can run it over, but we didn't discuss it.
Jae Young Lee: The way it works is very similar.
Jae Young Lee: The priority queue. When we invoke the movement nestled a note with smaller cities.
Jae Young Lee: Removed and then
Jae Young Lee: The t's have
Jae Young Lee: Some nose. Not all those updated like the T's of those were updated in the texture ourselves so
Jae Young Lee: If you're interested in. So you can read the pseudo code. You don't have to look at the actual details. But if you look at the pseudo code in our textbook. So you will find it very similar, but here for our course if you can do this one in this way manually.
Jae Young Lee: Instead of removing a note from the priority queue, instead of just collecting minimum weight edges.
Jae Young Lee: Then I should be okay.
Jae Young Lee: So this is pretty much identical
Jae Young Lee: Any questions.
Jae Young Lee: Okay. Running time analysis involves. It depends on the underlying data structures. This running time assumes he priority queues us if you compare running time of the journey over the web writing time or Plexus Overton
Jae Young Lee: Day exactly the same, because the way they work is basically the second
Jae Young Lee: Now crews course our word is a description. But again, if you don't discuss implementation, conceptually, it is extremely simple.
Jae Young Lee: It is rather simple. So I'm using a pig graph, actually this graph is in our texts.
Jae Young Lee: Initially,
Jae Young Lee: Each node is a set itself.
Jae Young Lee: So there's a there's a structure called this joint set T shirt said it's a set of sets initially each node is a set. So, this
Jae Young Lee: Red pounder indicates it is a set. So, as it is a set, we note, as I said, we know that
Jae Young Lee: Then from then on, what we do is that we just examine
Jae Young Lee: The
Jae Young Lee: Edgy with the smallest
Jae Young Lee: So in some implementations from the beginning, we sort all edges in increasing order of the weights, but sphere, since we are to manually. So we'll just find manually.
Jae Young Lee: This he has a small industry. Again, we always process in that order order or which is
Jae Young Lee: Then what we do is that, so this he has small district, we look at this end points that see whether they are in the same set, or in this case there in two different cetera SPS its own set JS is on set.
Jae Young Lee: To purchases this age connector in two different states. Then we march. So now, P AMP J or words into lodges
Jae Young Lee: The test one iteration. And we just keep going.
Jae Young Lee: Next, I think this is the smallest to
Jae Young Lee: Get it connected W NJ that w NGO in different settings that we more
Jae Young Lee: Let's try
The
Jae Young Lee: Next two three is the smallest. This is the smallest we get the NJ are in two different sets to emerge.
Jae Young Lee: And then see which one is the next. I think this is for. So S and L are in two different sets of distributed virtual switch
Jae Young Lee: Next, which he has smallest, for we have 556 this one. Oh, and w. So again. Oh, and w in two different sets. So we marched
Jae Young Lee: Next seven this is seven. Oh, and j is wrong, but they are in the same set to already interception. So we don't watch
Jae Young Lee: The next
Jae Young Lee: Or P SEVEN, EIGHT OR P. So, this energy is the smallest weight at this time. So they're in the same set. So we don't we don't have two boys. They're already the same set next to this one. This one has the smallest rate today in two different sets to be bored.
Jae Young Lee: To tears, what we have
Jae Young Lee: And next
Jae Young Lee: Nine.
Jae Young Lee: Do, but they the same so we don't have to do anything.
Jae Young Lee: Next,
Jae Young Lee: M. W. So this is not there in two different sets more
Jae Young Lee: So as you can see, whenever we merge we collect those edges. I think for automation that one. Whenever we merge with collected edge. So, W this edges qualitative
Jae Young Lee: And then
Jae Young Lee: Next,
Jae Young Lee: J is the smallest
Jae Young Lee: But they're in the same set. So with the DM
Jae Young Lee: DM this elephant is small list, but they're in the same set again we skip now to notice one
Jae Young Lee: Day two different sets porch. So we have. We are done. At this time all participants are included that the edges to collect is as we came along.
Jae Young Lee: They are
Jae Young Lee: They all form a minimum spanning
Jae Young Lee: So conceptually very simple but implementation is different. So we have usually with different ways of implementing I should say first
Jae Young Lee: Usually we use a data structure called a disjointed set, it is a data structure and then on this distance set data structure like other data sources we define certain operations. I said membership operation and then some office and
Jae Young Lee: So running time is pico n log n. Again, that it assumes a certain implementation that distance that data structure can be implemented in different ways. And then if you're interested in you can read our textbook textbook as a detailed discussion of the system, but
Jae Young Lee: For, of course, you don't have to be concerned about.
Jae Young Lee: These. This is a cruise costs are written, but let me just finish this one, but you might have noticed one difference between the journey with them and crisscross our work with prim journey over them.
Jae Young Lee: Always
Jae Young Lee: The set of edges we are collecting on the way. Always. It is a tree. As you can see, it will look at only those read the edges always it is a tree.
Jae Young Lee: From the beginning to the end. Pin Johnny garden always has a tree. So at the end. The last three is a spinning minimum spanning tree but Chris Carter algorithm. As you can see, for example, here it is not a tree.
Jae Young Lee: It is a forest. This is it one tree. This is another. So there's a difference.
Jae Young Lee: Basically, we are done for today. But a question. Some of you had a question.
Shawn: Yeah. My question for these two trees which one is the root. How do we know what the root is
Jae Young Lee: Oh for cross cultural algorithm. So was no one knows that is considered a tree. As we can see, so we just keep merging two nodes, right, but with a
Jae Young Lee: prim Johnny, the algorithm we can consider the route. So at the start, note as the tree is known as the road.
But
Jae Young Lee: With a
Jae Young Lee: Crew Scott's algorithm. There's no one note that is considered the roots of a tree.
Jae Young Lee: I think I might have mentioned this one when tree was defined in our textbook. So it is a one designated note as to route, but in general tree doesn't have to be a not so more accurate definition of a tree is called to be 45 free tree.
Jae Young Lee: Tree tree is a tree and the tree, but it doesn't help a lot. But if we if we designate one node as the original that it is called the root of the tree.
Jae Young Lee: But in our textbook when they say a tree.
Jae Young Lee: They are referring to routine tree except this year because this minimum spanning tree created by couscous algorithm is a tree, but it doesn't have it so.
Jae Young Lee: That's the way our textbook. Does this is actually free tree. It is called
Jae Young Lee: Any other questions.
Jae Young Lee: So basically we are done then since you mentioned that this one, I think I mentioned this one previously not everybody agrees with some technologist some
Jae Young Lee: Not many one or two definitions or text us. So if you read other books, you may have a slightly different definitions of a certain concept.
Jae Young Lee: And then some search some words that term is used with the different meanings. But there's nothing we can do about. So that's the way it is. We just have to learn, just as we go.
Jae Young Lee: But the probably the most important thing is that always, you have to assume what I learned from this textbook is always true. So we cannot assume we always have to be open minded in that, in that sense.
Jae Young Lee: Any other questions.
Jae Young Lee: Oh, let's see. My questions. I think that information is in the
Jae Young Lee: Syllabus Flipboard I think there are 30 questions live I posted questions.
Jae Young Lee: On page.
Jae Young Lee: I know
Jae Young Lee: Oh,
Jae Young Lee: Three hours yeah 30 question three hours and 23 hours you have
Jae Young Lee: One and half hour.
Jae Young Lee: Questions in each quiz. So this is twice as many questions, three hours. Yes.
Franklyn: Okay, I have a quick question relating to the project.
Franklyn: He will put you actually want to see because I see a whole bunch of output. Do you want us
Jae Young Lee: Know, I think.
Jae Young Lee: The Simon Says
Jae Young Lee: Simon says First you need to show these three output one, is it does show this path length and shortest path and
Jae Young Lee: Found by the heuristic algorithm. And then the other one is I can tell this person sequence of all the notes that were are finished it, including backtracking. I think if you look at the assignments. There's an example there he's gonna pull out put
Jae Young Lee: A sign
Jae Young Lee: Percent
Franklyn: So we're not showing all this one you just passed.
Jae Young Lee: It just took it means that
Jae Young Lee: You are we should look like this one.
Franklyn: Okay, so they want us to just pass. We don't need to show that these are the only ones we need show. Correct.
Jae Young Lee: Correct, yeah.
Jae Young Lee: For the purpose of grading. Yeah.
Jae Young Lee: But when you're debugging, and you may have
Jae Young Lee: To fit more than this.
Jae Young Lee: But Tesla. Tesla you your job.
Franklyn: OK, so the structure just want to say this one. Are you shown on the screen.
Jae Young Lee: Correct, yeah.
Franklyn: Thank you.
Jae Young Lee: Any other questions.
Jae Young Lee: Okay, then we will stop here.
Jae Young Lee: Then we will discuss PM, et cetera day and then in the last live class one over here. Some of you asked about review session. So I will have a review session on Sunday.
Jae Young Lee: But the because of other things I have some previous commitments, so I didn't. I was not so sure. What time would be appropriate service. I think it will be probably either again. So I have to check my schedule.
Jae Young Lee: The thing is that
Jae Young Lee: We are now teaching you know that the because of the virus all courses remotely our courses so online from the beginning. So I don't go to school. I don't have to coach school, which means that I should have more time because I don't have to commit. But the fact is that
Jae Young Lee: I'm spending more time. So a lot of meetings online. And so the point is that
Jae Young Lee: I will find a time on Sunday for review session and then I will post on Blackboard. So you need to check the blackboard under announcements, either. I will do it. Sunday morning like 11 o'clock, like the Saturday live plus or sometime in the afternoon, so I will have a one hour.
Jae Young Lee: Again, the session is for just Q and A's regarding final exam or any material. You want me to discuss
Jae Young Lee: Okay, thank you. And then I cannot talk to you again the center. Thank
You
Thank you.